Previously on East New York... Tamika, listen, uh,
you open to the possibility
of having dinner one evening?
I hired a new chef.
I don't want you doing
a background check on him.
I know there's things
in his past.
I'm gonna have to ask you
to turn in your
resignation immediately.
You're so sure
of yourself.
When there's something
to be sure about.
♪ Don't worry ♪
♪ About it ♪
♪ Stop looking ♪
♪ For something
that just can't be found ♪
♪ I'm lost ♪
♪ We're alike ♪
♪ Don't worry ♪
♪ Feet on the ground ♪
♪ We're alike ♪
♪ Don't worry ♪
♪ Feet on the ground ♪
♪ Feet on the. ♪
Step back, step back.
I got this.
Hey, you okay?
You all right?
All right, wait. Take your
time, take your time.
It's okay, it's okay.
Mm.
Hello?
Officer Quinlan,
you need to suit up
and report for duty at 0500.
Okay, got it.
What was that?
I have to go in early.
- How come?
- They didn't say.
- I hope I don't get called in.
- Mm.
Be quiet.
$50 a head to get in,
no alcohol, no food.
Bring your own drugs?
People do what they do.
I just don't get involved.
What's your end?
Exposure.
There's dope people here, I DJ,
they throw it on socials...
I got 90,000 followers and...
I'm just getting started.
Wow.
Who's that?
Relax.
- She's the precinct commander.
- I got called in
by Operations on my way in.
What are we looking at?
Four fatalities.
Looks like drug overdose.
- Fentanyl, probably.
- Hmm.
Whoa, excuse me, sir.
You're gonna
have to step back.
I got a call that
my girlfriend died.
I just want to see her.
I'm sorry, but you can't
do that right now.
I can't see her?
I'm sorry, not at this time.
Who do you think
passed the bad dope?
No idea.
No, huh?
I wasn't holding
and I wasn't looking, so...
- I don't know.
- What about other people?
I don't know about
other people.
What was the vibe?
Were they
doing cocaine, heroin,
ecstasy, what?
I don't do drugs,
so I don't know.
I'm a strict vegetarian.
I have a daily practice of yoga
and meditation and that is it.
Why were you here?
Just chilling with my boy,
DJ Authentic.
You his friend,
bodyguard, what?
Whatever he needs.
This is an active crime scene.
- I can't let anybody in.
- Excuse me.
No, you're
gonna have to wait...
- I know my daughter's in here.
- Sir.
- Gwen.
- Sir!
Gwen!
Daddy, my friend died.
It's okay,
- it's okay.
- Excuse me.
Excuse me.
How did you get in here?
Oh, this is my daughter.
- I need to take her home.
- Oh, unfortunately,
your daughter's going to have
to stay here for a while.
- It's-it's okay, Dad.
- No, no,
no, no, it's not okay.
Who are you?
Deputy Inspector Regina Haywood.
Which chief
do I have to get on the phone,
Deputy Inspector Regina Haywood?
Because I know them all.
Sir, she may have been
a witness.
Frankly, she's
lucky to be alive.
There are four
dead bodies here.
This is a crime scene
and the detectives need
to question everyone present.
If you interfere
with my detectives
I'll have you taken
out in handcuffs.
I'm all over this, sweetie.
And so's my lawyer.
Take her phone.
- How's your Italian coming?
- Not bad.
I think I need
a little more practice.
So, how are you feel about
your appointment?
How do you think I feel?
I don't understand
what the problem is.
You like Dr. Feigenbaum,
you like his hygienist...
- It's not that simple.
- It is that simple.
You got your yearly check-up.
And it's been almost five years
- since you've gone.
- COVID years don't count.
Come on, we've been
through this.
I just don't want to
have to start going out
- all the time.
- All the time?
Honey, you haven't
left the house
- in almost a month.
- This is about Italy,
isn't it?
This is about the dentist.
But yes,
I'd like you to build up
to the point where
we can go to Italy together.
I got all these vacation days
I haven't taken
and I'd like to go.
I don't know why it's so
important that we go somewhere.
Aventine,
Calea,
Capitoline...
Esquiline, Palatine...
That's five.
There's seven hills in Rome.
Quirinal and Viminal, okay?
Thank you.
I suppose I have
to get dressed
to go to the dentist.
You got five hours.
No reason to hurry.
I love you.
Uh, it's CompStat.
you've been in them many times.
Never as precinct commander.
They're gonna ask you
questions about crime
and what you're doing
to address it.
I can handle it.
What?
What's weighing on you, Regina?
Four dead kids.
Oh. Yeah, I... I heard.
We recovered the pills
from their pockets.
They were yellow
and green and red, like
M's or Skittles
or gummi...
Like they were candy.
You got to let
your detectives handle that.
You got your hands full today.
Oh, it's Padaro
doing the questioning.
Yeah, who you worked with
in Narcotics.
Who I like.
He's gonna ask you
some tough questions, though,
because he knows
that's what's expected of him,
but, uh, there's no
hidden agenda. Not with him.
Hey, you're prepared,
you're gonna fine.
If there's one thing you
know about me, Chief,
I always come prepared.
Okay?
Holly just moved here
from Ann Arbor.
What drugs was she
- taking, Gwendolyn?
- We did some
edibles before
we got there and then...
...she decided
she wanted to do Ecstasy.
Where'd she get it?
There were a couple guys
hanging around the DJ.
I think it was one of them.
We need to take a look
at your phone.
Your videos might be helpful.
Can you please unlock it?
Gwen.
We just wanted to go
someplace and dance.
Corinne said the Post
has an article about the bar.
Says it talks about
the $18 grilled cheese sandwich
under the headline,
"There Goes
the Neighborhood."If it's not open yet
how are they writing
articles about it?
They must've gotten
hold of a menu.
Possible the
hospitality business
is more complicated
than you thought.
- What am I gonna do?
- Nothing.
At least she's
getting press, right?
Ooh!
Whoa, whoa, back up.
There, stop.
That's Napoleon Santiago.
I would have thought
- he'd be older.
- No,
he's the next generation.
The spitting image
of his father.
According to Intelligence,
they're still in business.
I could never get
anything to stick.
I tried, boy.
I chased them the whole time
- I was in Narcotics.
- Mostly heroin, right?
Also bootleg pharmaceuticals.
You remember when
some people died
from Xanax cut with fentanyl?
That was the Santiagos
selling that.
All right,
preliminary report from ME
puts all four deaths
on Ecstasy cut with fentanyl.
That's definitely them 'cause
they dropped the price of heroin
to the point where they were
practically giving it away.
Enough people got strung out,
they shoot the price back up
and all these poor junkies,
they did what...
whatever they had to do
to buy it.
How'd they manage to
stay out of prison?
Really good lawyers,
an overworked police department
and-- let's face it--
I hate to say it, but...
the people who were dying
were mostly Black and brown.
You hate to think
it makes a difference...
Nevertheless, here we are
because it does.
So, this time...
I'm gonna take them down.
Everyone in attendance
was questioned?
What about commercial tenants
on the ground floor?
And building maintenance--
has there been any history
of drug dealing
in nearby locations?
And don't forget to ask...
Oh, I got to go.
I got to go.
Morning, everybody.
We have Brooklyn North here
for today's CompStat.
Let's get started.
There's a lot to talk about.
Deputy Inspector Haywood,
7-4's up first.
Good morning, Deputy Inspector.
Good morning, Chiefs.
You've had a drop
in burglaries,
but a significant
increase in robberies.
What are we doing
about that?
I've analyzed my robbery
incidents by type,
by location, by tour,
by day of the week. I am
prepared to discuss
- in detail.
- Let's stay on a macro level
for right now. We can
dive into detail a little later.
Uh, Chief, before
you go much further,
would you mind if I interject
a couple of questions?
- Not at all.
- Inspector, it's all
well and good to talk about
what you're doing.
I'd like to talk about
what you're not doing.
I'm sure there are
a great many things
that fall under that heading.
According to my information,
you have decided
to stop enforcing
quality-of-life crimes,
is that right?
That's not true
across the board.
Is it true
partway across the board?
As you know,
police commanders
can establish
their own priorities.
And currently, at the 7-4.
those things don't include
selling loose cigarettes,
alcohol in public
or going after vendors.
Well, I'm just not clear
on where you think
your authority to make
that determination comes from.
Again, it's less of
an official policy
and more so realignment
of priorities.
Inspector, let's not play games.
Whether you call it
a policy or priority,
the effect is the same.
And I want to know
under what departmental
regulations do you derive the
authority to make that call?
Chief, uh, I think I can
shed some light on that.
With all due respect,
the answers today
should be coming from
Inspector Haywood,
- not from you.
- No, I understand that,
Chief Donaldson,
but, uh, the realignment
of priorities
wasn't arrived at
by Inspector Haywood.
It came about through
extensive discussions--
data-driven discussions,
I might add--
that I specifically requested
from all of my Brooklyn North commanders.
But I am more than happy
to answer whatever questions
you have, Chief Donaldson.
What's the morale like
at the 7-4 these days?
Oh, man.
Well, it varies depending on
the day and the
individual officer
that you're talking about.
Would it surprise you
to learn that
I've had conversations
with officers at the 7-4
who tell me that morale
is at an all-time low?
You know, Chief,
with all due respect,
I'd say that was a cheap shot.
Take it easy there,
Chief Suarez.
You and I, we can
walk into any precinct
in this city right now
and we can find cops
who claim that morale is bad,
are unhappy or they're
pissed off and some of them have
good reason and
some of them don't.
But we don't call the commanding
officers on the carpet
and make them answer
- for that!
- I want to stress
that I am
perfectly willing to do so.
Deputy Inspector, I'm
guessing that with the four
drug overdoses
this morning,
you have more
pressing matters
to attend to.
I'm going to adjourn
this meeting until 5:00
this afternoon.
Hopefully that will allow
the temperature in the room
to come down a few degrees.
Why are they
making me out
to be a bad person?
Because they can.
Okay? Because
it sells newspapers.
Listen, I got to go.
We had four drug
fatalities last night.
It's always something
with you, isn't it?
I can't take
a day off, Corinne.
Yeah, me neither.
Look, I am really stressed
about this.
I need some advice
on how to deal with it.
Well, what does
the ex-felon say?
Are you just always
gonna call him that?
What would you like
for me to call him?
- George. That is his name.
- That is his name.
Okay, um, look, if I catch
a break around dinnertime,
I'll-I'll come back.
Whatever.
Corinne, I have to go.
So go. Just go to your
drug fatalities.
Wow.
You're mean.
Tommy...
Now is not the best time
for us to talk about it.
Well, whether it is
or it is not, Inspector...
Hey, Chief.
...now is the time
we're gonna talk about it.
- You knew I was prepared.
- You were prepared.
You were prepared
for legitimate questions.
You weren't prepared
for Donaldson
trying to make
some kind of audition tape
- for the mayor.
- What does that mean?
Donaldson,
maneuvering to be
chief of department.
He wants to be looked at
as, uh, old-school and-and tough
and paint me to be
some kind of woke
- diversity hire.
- You?
He sees me as his rival.
He goes after you
hoping that
I'm gonna jump in
and then...
he got both of us.
That being the case, maybe
it would have been better
if you hadn't jumped in.
- He pissed me off!
- All right.
Well, then, maybe next time
you let me handle it
for the both of us.
- I will try to remember that.
- All right.
- Is it okay?
- Yeah.
- You know what drill music is?
- Yes, I do.
It's a form of hip-hop
that references violence
and criminal behavior... Stan, I said
I know what it is.
- I'm sorry.
- It's okay, it's...
I'm listening to the playlist
from DJ Authentic
from, uh, last night
at the loft party.
And what really stood out
is that the lyrics mention
drug dealing locations.
They've been doing that
for a while, Stan.
Oh, well, forgive me.
I've never been in Narcotics,
but I'd never realized
the specificity of it.
Listen, like these,
uh, uh, playgrounds
on Pennsylvania Avenue,
a bo-bodega on Myrtle,
Wyckoff Brewery, uh... What about the Wyckoff Brewery?
Uh, there's, um...
"N-word"-- I'm not gonna
say the word out loud--Right.
"N-word, nothing
you can do to me,
"I got my plug working at
the Wyckoff Brewery."The Wyckoff Brewery
used to be owned by
one of the associates
of the Santiagos.
I want the sector cars
to pay special attention
to the area around there.
Maybe we catch 'em dirty.
- Yeah. Yeah, will do.
- Hey, Stan.
That's good work.
Yeah, okay.
You're meeting Tamika
- at Goody's?
- When she asked
if I could make it lunch
instead of dinner,
I got flustered, I didn't
have time to think.
Why, you got a strong opinion
on where I should take her?
I guess it doesn't matter.
- No, it matters.
- Can you change it?
That'd be worse.
I-I...You'll be all right.
I know I'm gonna be
all right, but-but...
you think I'm low-balling her
taking her to Goody's?
That Bronco was outside
of the loft party this morning.
And now it's a block away
from Wyckoff Brewery--
fancy that.
All right, Marvin,
what are we stopping them for?
I don't know, Andre, you're
the one with all the ideas.
What do you suggest?
- Take it light, man.
- Aiight.
Why you pulling us over, man?
You got tinted
license plate covers.
Think you can thwart
the red light camera
with impunity?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
It's not why you're pulling us
over, man. This is harassment
- now, bro.
- Any drugs, guns, any weapons
in the car, Authentical?
It's Authentic.
It's DJ Authentic.
And no,
there's nothing
in this car--
no guns,
no drugs,
no weapons,
- Nothing.
- Hold up.
Actually, I work
security for him.
I'm licensed
to carry.
Do you have
the gun on you?
It's in the glove compartment.
What are you doing, man?
Go ahead and step out
of the vehicle for me, man.
- What?
- I'm gonna need you to step out
of the vehicle for me. Now.
- Get your boy, man.
- Taking my seat belt off.
- Step out of the car.
- I'm taking my seat belt off.
Now you. Hands
on the wheel.
- Hands on the wheel.
- All right, all right, all right.
- You stay.
- Right up here,
to the side.
Keep your hands right there.
- Where's the permit?
- I don't have it
- with me.
- Out of the car.
Out of the car.
Hands on the hood.
♪ Elevator up, yeah. ♪
Grounds for the stop?
Use of illegal
license plate covers.
Hey, gorgeous.
You DJ'd last night.
I did.
Did you enjoy it?
How are the Santiagos
doing these days?
No idea.
But I got a gig
next week in Brooklyn
and I want you to come.
Just bring
your cuffs.
This guy.
I'm gonna take you back here
with the rest of comedians,
see how tough you are then.
So you're pretty tight
with Napoleon Santiago.
I'm tight with
all types of people.
Including the Santiago Family?
I'm tight with
all types of people.
The gun charge alone
will send you away for a year.
Unless there's drugs
in the Bronco.
And if it's fentanyl,
it'll be a lot longer than that.
Yeah, the Santiago Family
was dealing heroin
when I was still in uniform.
Now, 'cause
it's cheaper,
they're in
the fentanyl business.
What's that got to do with me?
The only drugs you gonna find
are the ones
- you put in there.
- In other words,
it doesn't bother you.
You work for the Santiagos?
The Santiagos?
Why would it?
I work for DJ Authentic.
What do you think
it's gonna do for your career
to be associated with them?
You want to book him for a
dance party or a wedding...
Oh, you worried about my career?
...quinceañera,
bat mitzvah?
Just give me the dates,
I'll see what I can do.
If I was you, I'd be worried.
Worried about what?
That we find out you were doing
more than just spinning
records last night.
That's all I was doing there.
A boss is here from
DEA, Inspector.
Inspector. Arliss Gruen,
special agent in charge,
Drug Enforcement Administration.
- How do you do?
- I understand
you had
four fatalities
- last night.
- All under the age of 20.
Three were in college,
one just graduated.
Well, given what's on
the street, it's a safe bet
they were all from fentanyl.
We got hold of a recording
that shows a member
of the Santiago Family present.
I'm guessing... We know all about
the Santiagos.
Their operations don't extend
much beyond Brooklyn.
Their operations
were responsible
for the deaths
of four young people
who had their entire future... I have no objection
to you going after the Santiagos
for that at some point.
I would just ask you,
hold off for the present.
Why is that?
Because we're going after
a Mexican drug cartel
which, in all likelihood,
was responsible for bringing
the fentanyl into
the United States
and supplying the Santiagos.
It's possible one of
the Santiagos could be flipped.
I don't need them to flip.
I've got an undercover
that's gotten close to them.
Sean Dryden.
Your cops arrested him
on a traffic stop.
If your agent's gotten
close to the Santiagos,
we can bring them down
- without blowing his cover.
- My sights are set on way
bigger targets than the
Santiagos, Inspector.
Now I need
my undercover released
and I need your assurance
that you're gonna hold off
on anything else.
I'll take care of releasing
your undercover,
but four people were killed
in my precinct this morning,
and there's no way in hell
I'm holding off.
You're not gonna make me go
over your head,
now, are you, Inspector?
You can go wherever you want.
Here's the thing, Sean.
With four dead bodies,
there's gonna be prosecutions.
There's also gonna be deals.
Once the D.A. has
what he needs to convict,
no more deals.
Would you mind
stepping out for a moment?
Sure.
I just had a visit
from Arliss Gruen.
Who's that?
It's okay, Agent Dryden--
or whatever your name is--
I've been fully briefed.
Gruen always gets
his people out.
You saw those four kids die
last night, right?
Mm-hmm.
Gruen's asking that I not go
after those responsible.
Yeah.
he wants to take down
a cartel in Sinaloa
so he can have a photo op
- on the border.
- What about you?
what do you want?
I don't usually get asked that.
But since you're asking...
...I want to get the hell
out of undercover world.
How long's it been?
- Two and a half years.
- That's a long time
to be somebody
- other than yourself.
- Long enough
for you to forget
who yourself even is.
How is it that
bodyguarding a DJ
gets you so close
to the Santiagos?
The Santiagos
move a lot of drugs
in the party circuit.
In clubs.
How do you think
they get the drugs in there?
Right.
They never check the DJ.Mm-hmm.
Put it in the DJ cases
and they wave you right in.
Well, I don't take my orders
from Special Agent
in Charge Gruen,
so I will be going
after the Santiagos
because the people
who were killed
were killed in East New York.
But best of luck to you
in Sinaloa.
We're not busting
any cartels in Sinaloa.
We don't have the assets
to take them on.
There's no coordination with
the Mexican law enforcement.
It's a mess.
So you're walking away from
a bust you could pull off
in favor of one
that you can't?
It's not my decision.
So, then don't worry about it.
Hey, I watched
those four kids die.
you think that didn't
have an effect on me?
I don't know.
- I don't know you.
- Well, it did, okay?
So it did.
So what?
So maybe we can team up.
Hey, honey.
How'd the preparations
for the dentist go?
FRANCINE [over phone]:
Good.
I'm in the car.
Excellent.
The car service sent one
of those big luxurious cars,
even though I didn't
ask for it.
Good. Good.
Enjoy it.
We're on Northern Boulevard,
just passing Villa Roma.
Really? So you left early, huh?
You always tell me,
if you get places early,
you don't have to worry
about being late.
I'm proud of you, Francine.
I know this is hard for you.
And I really appreciate
your listening to me
'cause it's, it's important.
I'll see you when you get home.
Okay, I love you.
Love you.
I want your blessing, Chief.
Do I get to know for what?
The fentanyl that's been
flooding the streets,
that's responsible for
those four dead kids,
has the Santiagos'
fingerprints all over it.
And you feel like you got
enough for a collar?
I wouldn't have thought so
until I found out
there's an undercover
that's gotten close
to Napoleon Santiago.
- One of ours?
- DEA.
- Will they loan him out?
- The SAC said no.
That's generally
a jurisdictional call, Regina.
I know that.
And ordinarily I'd
leave it at that.
I'd say occasionally
you'd leave it at that.
I was thinking the UC could
call in a tip and...
No heads-up to the DEA?
- No heads-up to anybody?
- Right.
You'd be out on a limb,
you know that.
The thought that we were able
to take them down and didn't
is a little too hard to bear.
I also don't expect you
to bail me out
if this goes south. Oh,
I know from this morning that's
the last thing that you'd want.
Thank you, Chief.
CompStat resumes at 5:00,
so don't be late.
For what it's worth,
the morale at the 7-4...
Let's not get into that
right now.
How come you wanted to make it
lunch instead of dinner?
Dinner seemed too much
like a date.
And you didn't want to go
on a date with me?
No, I didn't.
I guess lunch is an event
of a lesser order.
Doesn't carry any
romantic expectations.
- Mm-hmm.
- I think they even have
a dating service called
It's Just Lunch.
I've seen
the commercials.
Did you ever use
one of those?
No, I never did.
I never did neither.
We're from a different
generation, Marvin.
We like to screw up
our relationships in person.
Is that what I did?
Not just you.
We both did.
I guess if we were
to try it again,
we'd probably screw it up
again, wouldn't we?
Probably.
But that's not a reason
not to give it a try.
Can we... Hey, Marvin.
Uh, sorry, can I talk
to you a second?
Sure...
Excuse me.
They've been putting
those on light poles.
They won't even
give me a chance.
- When is your opening?
- Two weeks.
Then put your head down
and get it done.
They'll see you're not
going anywhere.
Some people'll come around,
and some of them won't.
I'm afraid Tommy won't.
He's so mad at me.
Tommy mad at
a lot of people.
He just caught me
at a bad moment,
but... now he won't even
pick up the phone.
He'll get over it.
He'd be crazy not to.
♪ I'll be super fine,
fine, fine. ♪
Hey.
What are you doing
out here?
Marvin's having lunch
with his old girlfriend.
Okay, what?
You couldn't eat
on the same premises?
He thought it would be
awkward to have me in there
but not sitting with them,
so he was going
back and forth in his head
about where I should sit
in relation to where
the two of them
would be sitting.
So I decided I would
just eat outside.
All right.
Yeah.
Well, I'm gonna...
I'm gonna go sit inside
'cause you two are crazy.
Hey.
We've made it look like both
you and DJ Authentic
were released on your own recognizance.
What time can you set
the meeting for?
How's 3:00?
Good.
Once you're there,
if there are narcotics present--
and only if you see
that they're present--
you're to signal
your backup.
At that point, we'll have
probable cause to go in.
You used to be in Narcotics.
You look me up?
Of course.
You didn't look me up?
You can tell your boss
at the DEA that you were
with the Santiagos
as part of your
normal undercover work,
but that may well get
you jammed up anyway.
Wouldn't be the first time
I've been jammed up.
You could get fired.
Wouldn't be the first time
I've been fired.
The detectives know
the signal to go in
and they've gone over
the location.
- So we're set.
- See you on the other side.
Of course I did.
What's that?
Looked you up.
- Like my new whip, bro?
- It's all right. It's just...
- a little regular.
- Regular?
I'm about to put
35-inch Forgies on it,
monster tires, and I'm-a
light it up with lights.
That gonna attract
a lot of attention?
That's what
you thinking about?
- You weird, bro.
- Yeah, you are weird.
Like, why you told them cops
there was a gun
in the glove
compartment?
Would it have been better
if they found it
when they searched
- the car?
- Nah, nah, nah. There was
no grounds to search
that car, man.
They can always find grounds
if they want to.
You know he does yoga.
He's a vegetarian.
I ain't no punk, if
that's what you're assuming.
I didn't say you was a punk.
I just said you a square.
But you nice with the hammer.
But why you let that cop
get to you like that?
Did they already
get to you?
You kidding me?
I mean,
think about it.
He acts like a cop so much,
he can't be a cop.
You know what I'm saying?
Like,
let's be serious.
You know what,
I ain't even trippin'.
'Cause if I thought someone
was working with the cops,
I'd have so much fentanyl
stuffed down your throat,
you'd be dead
before you hit the floor.
Ain't even that, though.
He's family.
He's the bro.
He's good.
That's-that'smy bro.
- Thank you, king.
- Roll with you.
That's good.
Go time.
Yo, Authentic, you're
doing real good, man.
I'm about to make
a lot of money.
They really think Julius
Randle's gonna save New York.
That's crazy.
NYPD!
Police! Don't move!
Hands
in the air!
Hands up!
Stay right there.
Don't move!
Hands where
I can see 'em.
Detective.
Hands where
- I can see 'em.
- Turn around.
I remember when you
were just a kid.
Wait,
were you one of the cops that
tried to lock up my old man?
Your old man, your brother
Kiki, your cousins...
Yeah, you ain't have much luck
with any of 'em, did you?
I got you, Napoleon.
And they next.
So,
you're running your own personal
police department, Inspector?
We had an opportunity
to shut down
a major source of a drug that is
killing people.
I wouldn't waste it.
An undercover calls in
a tip, because why?
There's drugs in plain sight.
What, that's the first time
there were drugs in plain sight?
Maybe it had something to do
with the investigation
of four fatalities
this morning.
Those four fatalities
were none of his business.
And I don't mind telling you,
Agent Dryden
is in a world of hurt.
Agent Dryden lent
his assistance,
took the risk
in apprehending
those responsible.
Seems to me he would
be deserving of praise.
I think the DEA will determine
what we do with Agent Dryden,
without your input.
I don't get what
you feel you lost.
Dryden hasn't
blown his cover.
He was arrested
along with everyone else.
Agent Dryden is my asset,
not yours.
He belongs to me.
That's what this is about--
who gets to give the order.
Who stands where at
the press conference.
It's a big, wide world
out there, Inspector.
It's a damn shame
you just don't see that.
No. I do see it, Agent Gruen.
And East New York
is a part of it.
And it's a damn shame
that you can't see at all.
Have a nice day.
This wasn't the one
to be late for.
Well, it couldn't be helped.
Donaldson's looking for some
kind of, uh, act of contrition.
Or as close
as you can come to it.
Okay.
Excuse me. Thank you.
Excuse me.
I'm clocking you in
at 14 minutes late, Inspector.
At the point
at which we left off,
you were saying
that morale wasn't a problem,
that disregarding enforcement
of qualify-of-life regulations
was your prerogative.
And since then,
it has come to my attention
that you disregarded
the explicit directive
of the Special Agent
in Charge
of an undercover operation
for the DEA.
I wouldn't say I disregarded
it as much as I...
felt the need
to take circumstances
under consideration.
Do you recognize
the need for good order
and discipline, Inspector?
- Yes, I do.
- Just so long
as you get
- what you want.
- So long
as it serves and protects
the people in my precinct.
Well, tell me, just
how does your version
of good order and discipline
do that?
A raid was conducted
this afternoon
by the Drug Enforcement Administration,
acting in coordination with
the detectives from the 7-4.
Arrests were made.
280 pounds
of fentanyl pills and
powder were confiscated.
I believe that the
success of the operation
was a direct result
of good order and discipline.
Well done, Inspector.
- Thank you, Chief.
- Outstanding
work, Inspector.
Thank you.
Congratulations, Inspector.
♪ It's written on your face ♪
♪ Let you walk away ♪
♪ I can't watch... ♪I'm sorry.
Yeah, it's okay. Hey.
So, there's something
we could do
that might foster some goodwill
in the community.
The thing is,
it was George's idea.
I should probably
have him tell you.
Okay.
Come here.
Do you want a drink?
Yeah, sure, sure.
♪ Already running late ♪
So, what's
this idea?
It would be
a mentorship program.
Young people from the community
would sign up
and I'd teach 'em
kitchen skills.
You'd be their mentor,
in other words.
There could be other
people mentoring as well.
Yeah. Corinne or... you
could pick the people.
What would you be
- mentoring them in, George?
- He said
kitchen skills.
You think I'm recruiting 'em
to do break-ins, Detective?
It's occurred to me.
If I were looking
to do break-ins,
I wouldn't need
to recruit anybody.
I already know people
who are good at it.
I just feel like
maybe I can help people
who don't want to do break-ins.
So?
- Yeah, who's buying?
- I am!
All right.
- How are you doing?
- All right.
- Where's Crystal?
- Uh, she said
she'll be here soon.
- What are you thinking?
- I'm-a swing by the
little boys' room.
Yeah.
I think I might do
the grilled cheese.
- Grilled cheese?
- Mm-hmm.
- He knows.
- What?
Sandeford.
How does he know?
He caught us earlier.
Oh.
So, we gonna get
in trouble now?
I just think
we need to cool it.
- You know?
- Okay.
Yeah.
♪ That I'm all right ♪
♪ I'll do anything, yeah ♪
♪ I'll do anything,
yeah ♪
So what are you gonna eat?
♪ I'll do anything, yeah ♪
♪ I'll do anything, yeah. ♪
Hey, honey.
Hi, Stan.
Listen, I just stopped
by Goody's for a short time.
You want me
to pick something up for dinner?
I'm not home, Stan.
Oh, where are you?
Turn around.
What are you doing here?
I lied to you, Stan.
- What?
- I didn't go
to the dentist.
- No?
- I-I thought I could.
I even got dressed,
- but I... I couldn't.
- Honey. Honey.
- It's okay.
- I just couldn't wait
for you to come home
knowing that...
I thought
if-if I got myself here,
maybe you'd see that I was
making an effort, that I...
that I was trying to...
be better at... life
- than I am.
- Oh.
- Shh.
- No.
You deserve that, Stan.
You deserve a wife
who's better at life than I am.
I only hope that
on my best day
I deserve you.
I love you, baby.
We're gonna get you out of here
after the bail hearing.
We did good today.
Mm.
Wouldn't've happened
if it wasn't for you.
For the record,
all the credit goes to the DEA.
No victory lap for you?
Mm. Sometimes the best way
to get things done
is to let other people
take the credit.
Okay.
Meantime, what'll
you be doing?
Think I'll take my dog
for a walk at the dog park.
- Oh, yeah?
- Yeah.
I'd like to go up there
with you sometime.
What kind of dog do you have?
I don't have a dog.
But I'll get one.
♪ Can I get your name
and maybe your number? ♪
♪ Would you feel the same ♪
♪ Or should I just wonder why ♪
♪ We haven't got our time. ♪
Captioning sponsored by CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org